#separator:tab
#html:false
#guid column:1
#notetype column:2
MVm~&SQ6u-	Basic (and reversed card)	I have worked	ich habe gearbeitet
rkXED)@e1n	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have breathed	du hast geatmet
tLJqw)o;4W	Basic (and reversed card)	he has formed	er hat gebildet
G38kVr/wL;	Basic (and reversed card)	we have needed	wir haben gebraucht
rL,ofdpO:?	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have followed	ihr seid gefolgt
rt-J}@QX&0	Basic (and reversed card)	they have asked	sie haben gefragt
z0n/botAhr	Basic (and reversed card)	I have felt	ich habe gefÃ¼hlt
q>3??.Va!}	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have believed	du hast geatmet
g6X.wjF!c_	Basic (and reversed card)	she has interest	sie hat interessiert
st^70hcoTx	Basic (and reversed card)	we have bought	wir haben gekauft
Q;:u!a*GHU	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have cooked	ihr habt gekocht
pNQdZ2}*A|	Basic (and reversed card)	they have lived	sie haben gelebt
NbgK4_0(K!	Basic (and reversed card)	I have layed	ich habe gelegt
mF+(Qpq`<g	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have made	du hast gemacht
ccQL7acqUM	Basic (and reversed card)	he has noted down	er hat notiert
u=Lf.S*O0l	Basic (and reversed card)	we have packed	wir haben gepackt
MY|*wf:>;e	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have talked	ihr habt geredet
P6tVt7FEMP	Basic (and reversed card)	they have said	sie haben gesagt
zG>@V&iK;N	Basic (and reversed card)	I have played	ich habe gespielt
Oej89/)0jZ	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have put	du hast gestellt
h>J}-8JLMW	Basic (and reversed card)	she has searched	sie hat gesucht
y~i|zazmrS	Basic (and reversed card)	we have danced	wir haben getanzt
Rbnf)X^`Ny	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have called	ihr habt telefoniert
"E]em(~#|vj"	Basic (and reversed card)	they have lived at	sie haben gewohnt
Hba%JT}R)5	Basic (and reversed card)	I have showed	ich habe gezeigt
PTOa;:cYuY	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) are supposed to	du hast gesollt
E{>Lf}E`!m	Basic (and reversed card)	he has wanted	er hat gewollt
sE2wSX*6Vo	Basic (and reversed card)	we have offered	wir haben geboten
df2mX^6<9F	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have bitten	ihr habt gebissen
oQ%>.:t3t>	Basic (and reversed card)	they have bound	sie haben gebunden
"A#uPuf=J?j"	Basic (and reversed card)	I have requested	ich habe gebeten
PPf1p/0eym	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have roasted	du hast gebraten
D;R4^>g,p?	Basic (and reversed card)	she has broken	sie hat gebrochen
"c#V1+o~3{@"	Basic (and reversed card)	we have eated	wir haben gegessen
c5@HgUnR`T	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have driven	ihr seid gefahren
M8d++s@&sa	Basic (and reversed card)	they have fallen	sie sind gefallen
CW~+G0g;dr	Basic (and reversed card)	I have caught	ich habe gefangen
NSTI(%Goab	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have found	du hast gefunden
n*u4gE{}Ra	Basic (and reversed card)	he has flown	wir sind geflogen
bnIFhU]EU/	Basic (and reversed card)	we have given	wir haben gegeben
z:mNwWy)>^	Basic (and reversed card)	they (plural) have poured	ihr habt gegossen
nkfsB2mi;P	Basic (and reversed card)	I have grasped	ich habe gegriffen
dt0S0/1kzI	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have held	du hast gehalten
OC&y}<v_Ju	Basic (and reversed card)	she has lifted	sie hat gehoben
wl]G)!)(7|	Basic (and reversed card)	we have helped	wir haben geholfen
Ja63;X/$c$	Basic (and reversed card)	it has sounded	es hat geklungen
"rxXM^N#2$q"	Basic (and reversed card)	they have come	sie sind gekommen
N>s=I1Cy&E	Basic (and reversed card)	I have run	ich bin gelaufen
r(jZ*R73a=	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have read	du hast gelesen
n~X!!8ZbZO	Basic (and reversed card)	he has lent	er hat geliehen
d!;)4yv0Nh	Basic (and reversed card)	we have laid	wir sind gelegen
gFGhShLadv	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have taken	ihr habt genommen
pw}dD]K1iD	Basic (and reversed card)	they have ridden	sie sind geritten
jdKutHy>dZ	Basic (and reversed card)	i have smelt	ich habe gerochen
"i)Rpl2#%/,"	Basic (and reversed card)	she has closed	sie hat geschlossen
DlQnk[r`eJ	Basic (and reversed card)	we have cut	wir haben geschnitten
A8Q32o,-5]	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have written	ihr habt geschrieben
bx/Ivexh3R	Basic (and reversed card)	they have swum	sie sind geschwommen
"ObYt6F#TGQ"	Basic (and reversed card)	I have seen	ich habe gesehen
mKd{~s_vA[	Basic (and reversed card)	he has been	er ist gewesen
pm*6X@&gmV	Basic (and reversed card)	we have sung	wir haben gesungen
Q85aqq5Y0c	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have  sunk	ihr seid gesunken
q%U!(+Hif)	Basic (and reversed card)	they have sat	sie haben gesessen
h,LLjo>WuI	Basic (and reversed card)	I have spoken	ich have gesprochen
e:Bb]Tl:9K	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have  jumped	du bist gesprungen
e%,vV@>Xd+	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have stood	ihr seid gestanden
nPu$0$<E)l	Basic (and reversed card)	we have gone up	wir sind gestiegen
C?Js_p^M@A	Basic (and reversed card)	he has died	er hat gestorben
rjWJgMp>nt	Basic (and reversed card)	they have argued	sie haben gestritten
k2Er,WT7VX	Basic (and reversed card)	I have worn	ich habe getragen
fnSt%IOC(<	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have met	du hast getroffen
jZ3r8edKL{	Basic (and reversed card)	she has drunk	sie hat getrunken
CFg?3b&BJ%	Basic (and reversed card)	we have washed	wir haben gewaschen
"y*smPF^n#r"	Basic (and reversed card)	you (plural) have become	ihr seid geworden
kfIJ@,K;:=	Basic (and reversed card)	they have thrown	sie haben geworfen
w_x-B8?Z)i	Basic (and reversed card)	I have pulled	ich habe gezogen
nmH6Jl)sXE	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have  forced	du hast gezwungen
p:s:EV/P]Y	Basic (and reversed card)	i have woken up	ich bin aufgewacht
"u3T((#Q@uo"	Basic (and reversed card)	you (singular) have met	du bist begegnet
xmj~emLxiA	Basic (and reversed card)	we have climbed	wir sind geklettert
